- Affirmations are one of the most effective tools for quickly becoming the person you need to be to achieve everything you want in your life.
- Affirmations allow you to design and then develop the mindset (thoughts, beliefs, focus) that you need to take any area of your life to the next level.
- Your self talk has dramatic influence on your level of success in every aspect of your life - confidence, health, happiness, wealth, relationships, etc.
- Your affirmations are either working for or against you, depending on how you are using them.
- If you don't consciously design and choose your affirmations you are susceptible to repeating and reliving the fears, insecurities and limitations of your past.
- When you actively design and write out your affirmations to be in alignment with what you want to accomplish and who you need to be to accomplish it - and commit to repeating them daily (ideally out loud) - they immediately make an impression on your subconscious mind.
- Your affirmations go to work to transform the way you think and feel so you can overcome your limiting beliefs and behaviours and replace them with those you need to succeed.
- "Whether you think you can, or you think you can't, you are right either way"
- We have all been programmed - at the subconscious level  to think, believe, and act the way we do. Our programming is a result of many influences, including what we have been told by others, what we have told ourselves, and all of our life experiences - both good and bad. Some of use have programming that makes it easy for us to be happy and successful, while others - possibly the majority - have programming that makes life difficult.
- So, the bad news is that if we don't actively change our programming, our potential will be crushed and our lives limited by the fears, insecurities, and limitations of our past. We must stop programming ourselves for a life of mediocrity by focusing on what we're doing wrong, being too hard on ourselves when we make mistakes, and causing ourselves to feel guilty, inadequate, and undeserving of the success we really want.
- The good news is that our programming can be changed or improved at any time. We can reprogram ourselves to overcome all of our fears, insecurities, bad habits, and any self-limiting, potential-destroying beliefs and behaviours we currently have, so we can become as successful as we want to be, in any area of our lives we choose.
- You can use affirmations to start programming yourself to be confident and successful in everything you do, simply by repeatedly telling yourself who you want to be, what you want to accomplish, and how you are going to accomplish it. With enough repetition, your subconscious mind will begin to believe what you tell it, act upon it, and eventually manifest it in your reality.
- Putting your affirmations in writing makes it possible for you to choose your new programming so it moves you towards that desired condition or state of mind by enabling you to consistently review it. Constant repetition of an affirmation will lead to acceptance by the mind, and result in changes in your thoughts, beliefs and behaviours. Since you get to choose and create your affirmations, you can design them to help you establish the thoughts, beliefs and behaviours that you want and need to succeed.
- Include why, at the deepest level, all of the things you want are important yo you Being crystal clear on your deepest whys will give you an unstoppable purpose.
- Your life gets better only after you get better.
- Being (who you need to be) and doing (what you need to do ) are prerequisites for having what you want to have.
- You can build up to your ideal goal. Start by writing down a daily or weekly goal and decide when you will increase it.
- "What got you here won't get you there"
- To maximize productivity, schedule 3-5 hour blocks or half-days of singularly focused attention on ONE single activity or project, rather than trying to switch tasks every 60 minutes.
- In order for your affirmations to be effective, it is important that you tap into your emotions while reading them. Mindlessly repeating a phrase over and over again, without feeling its truth, will have a minimal impact on you. You must take responsibility for generating authentic emotions and powerfully infusing those emotions into every affirmation you repeat to yourself.
- Keep in mind that your affirmations will never really be a 'final' draft, because you should always be updating them. As you continue to learn, grow and evolve, so should your affirmations. When you come up with a new goal, dream, habit or philosophy you want to integrate into your life, you might find it's no longer necessary to focus on it every day, and thus choose to remove it form your affirmations.
[[09, Visualization]]