- "Everything is difficult before it is easy. Every new experience is uncomfortable before it is comfortable."

- The miracle morning is 100% customizable. Everything from your wake-up time to the total duration of your Miracle Morning to which activities you do, as well as the duration and order of each activity - there is no limit to how your Miracle Morning can be personalized to fit your lifestyle and help you achieve your most significant goals, faster than ever before.

- If you were to ask someone, "Why did you eat that ice cream? Why did you drink that fizzy drink? " or, "Why did you bring that fried chicken home from the supermarket." You would most likely hear responses like, "Mmm, because I love ice cream! I like drinking fizzy drinks. I was in the mood for fried chicken." All answers based on the emotional enjoyment derived primarily from the way these food taste. In this case, this person is not likely to explain their food choices with how much value these foods will add to their health, or how much sustained energy they will get.

- If we want to have more energy ( which we all do ) then it's crucial that we re-examine why we eat the foods that we do, and - this is important - start valuing the health benifits and energy consequences of the foods we eat as much as or more than the taste.

- In no way I am saying that we should eat foods that don't taste good in exchange for the health and energy benifits. I am saying that we can have both. I am saying that if we want to live every day with an abundance of energy so we can perform at our best and live a long, healthy life, we must choose to eat more foods that are good for our health and give us sustained energy, as well as tasting great.

- It has been proven that a diet rich in living foods, such as fresh fruits and vegetables will greatly increase your energy levels, improve your mental focus and emotional well being, keep you healthy, and protect you from disease.

- Remember the old saying, 'You are what you eat'. Take care of your body so your body will take care of you. You will feel vibrant energy and enhanced clarity immediately!

- When you create your affirmations [[08, Affirmations]], make sure that they are in alignment with your goals and dreams, and that they clarify what you will need to think, believe and do to achieve them, so they reinforce your unwavering commitment to follow through. 

- When you are doing your morning visualization, visualize yourself effortlessly enjoying the process of achieving your goals and keep a clear picture of what it will look like once achieved. Remember to involve all of your sense - see, feel , taste, touch, and even smell every detail of your vision and your ideal outcomes.

- One of the most effective strategies for overcoming habitual procrastination and maximizing your productivity is to start working on your most important - or least enjoyable - tasks, first thing in the morning.

[[14]]