-  Humans need variety. It's important that you keep your Miracle Morning feeling fresh and new.

- Whenever we complained about our work getting boring, 'Whose fault is it that it's boring? And whose responsibility is it to make it fun again?'. Whether it's our routines or our relationships, it's our responsibility to actively and continuously make them the way we want them to be.

- Remember, the moment you accept total responsibility for everything in your life is the moment you claim the power to change anything in your life.

- It's been said that our quality of life is created by the quality of our habits. If a person is living a successful life, then that person simply has the habits in place that are creating and sustaining their levels of success. On the other hand, if someone is not experiencing the levels of success they want - no matter what the area - they simply haven't committed to putting the necessary habits in place which will create the results they want.

- Considering that  our habits create our life, there is arguably no single skill that is more important for you to learn and master than controlling your habits. 

- You must  identify, implement, and maintain the habits necessary for creating the results you want your life, while learning how to let go of any negative habits which are holding you back from achieving your true potential. 

- Habits are behaviours that are repeated regularly and tend to occur subconsciously. Whether you realize it or not, your life has been, and all continue to be, created by your habits. If you don't control your habits, your habits will control you.

- One of the biggest obstacles preventing most people from implementing and sustaining positive habits is that they don't have the right strategy. They don't know what to expect and aren't prepared to overcome the mental and emotional challenges that are part of the process of implementing any new habit.

- We will start by dividing the 30-day time frame necessary to implement a positive new habit (or get rid of an old, negative habit) into three ten-day phases. 

#### Day [ 1 - 10 ] Phase One: Unbearable
- The first 10 days of implementing any new habit, or ridding yourself of any old habit, can feel almost unbearable. Although the first few days can be easy, and even exciting - because it is something new  as soon as the newness wears off, reality sets in. You hate it. It is painful. It is not fun anymore. Every fibre of your being tends to resist and reject the change. Your mind rejects it and you think: I hate this. Your body resists it and tells you : I don't like how this feels.

- When you are prepared for these first 10 days, when you know that it is the price you pay for success, that the first 10 days will challenging but they are also temporary, you can beat the odds and succeed! If the benefits are great enogh we can do anything for 10 days, right? 

#### Day [ 11 - 20 ] Phase Two: Uncomfortable
- While days 11-20 are note unbearable, they are still uncomfortable and will require discipline and commitment on your part. At this stage it will still be tempting to fall back to your old behaviours. 

- Stay commited. You have already gone from unbearable to uncomfortable, and you are about to find out what it fees like to be UNSTOPPABLE.

#### Day [ 21 - 30 ] Phase Three: Unstoppable
- The final 10 days is where you positively reinforce and associate pleasure with our new habit. You have been primarily associating pain and discomfort with it during the first 20 days. Instead hating and resisting your new habit, you start feeling proud of yourself for making it this far.

- Too many people get overly confident, pat themselves on the back and think: I've done it for 20 days so I am just going to take a few days off. The problem is that those first 20 days are the most challenging part of the process Taking a few days off before you have invested the necessary time into positively reinforcing the habit makes it difficult to get back on. It is days 21-30 where you really start enjoying the habit, which is what will make you continue it in the future.
[[15]]