- **Deep Work:** Professional activities performed in a state of distraction-free concentration that push your cognitive capabilities to their limit. These efforts create new value, improve your skill, and are hard to replicate.
- Deep work, in other words, was exactly the type of effort needed to stand out in a cognitively demanding field like academic psychiatry in the early twentieth century.
- **Shallow Work:** Non cognitively demanding, logistical-style tasks, often performed while distracted. These efforts tend to not create much new value in the world and are easy to replicate.
- In the age of network tools, in other words, knowledge workers increasingly replace deep work with the shallow alternative -- constantly sending and receiving e-mail messages like human network routers, with frequent breaks for quick hits of distraction. Larger efforts that would be well served by deep thinking, such as forming a new business strategy or writing an important grant application, get fragmented into distracted dashes that produce muted quality.
- Spend enough time in a state of frenetic shallowness and you permanently reduce your capacity to perform deep work. "What the Net seems to be doing is chipping away my capacity for concentration and contemplation"
- The network tools are distracting us from work that requires unbroken concentration, while simultaneously degrading our capacity to remain focused.
- Our work culture is shift toward the shallow (whether you think it is philosophically good or bad) is exposing a massive economic and personal opportunity for the few who recognize the potential of resisting this trend and prioritizing depth - an opportunity that, not too long ago.

[[Books/Self-Development/Deep Work/02|02]]