- Deep work is not some nostalgic affectation of writers and early-twentieth century philosophers. It is instead a skill that has great value today.
- There are two reasons for this value. The first has to do with learning. We have an information economy that is dependent on complex system that change rapidly. Some of the computer languages Benn learned, for example, didn't exist ten years ago and will likely be outdated ten years from now. Similarly, someone coming up in the field of marketing in the 1990s probably had no idea that today they would need to master digital analytics. To remain valuable in our economy, therefore, you must master the art of quickly learning complicated things. This task requires deep work If you don't cultivate this ability, you are likely to fall behind as technology advances.
- The second reason that deep work is valuable is because the impacts of the digital network revolution cut both ways. If you can create something useful, its reachable audience (e.g, employers or customers) is essentially limitless -- which greatly magnifies your reward. On the other hand, if what you are producing is mediocre, then you are in trouble, as it is too easy for your audience to find a better alternative online.
- It is a crucial ability for anyone looking to move ahead in a globally competitive information economy that tends to chew up and spit out those who aren't earning their keep. The real rewards are reserved not for those who are comfortable using Facebook ( a shallow task, easily replicated), but instead for those who are comfortable building the innovative distributed system that run the service ( a decidedly deep task, hard to replicate). 
- The ability to perform deep work is becoming increasingly rare at exactly the same time it is becoming increasingly valuable in our economy. As a consequence, the few who cultivate this skill, and then make it the core of their working life, will thrive.

[[03, Part 1 - The Idea]]