- If you can't learn, your can't thrive.
- **Producing at an elite level:** If you want to become a superstar, mastering the relevant skills is necessary, but not sufficient. You must then transform that latent potential into tangible results that people value. Many developers, for example, can program computers well, but David Hansson, our example superstar from earlier, leveraged this ability to produce Ruby on Rails, the project that made his reputation. Ruby on Rails required Hansson to push his current skills to their limit and produce unambiguously valuable and concrete results. 
- If you don't produce, you won't thrive -- no matter how skilled or talented you are.
- If you haven't mastered this foundational skill, you will struggle to learn hard things or produce at an elite level.
- **Deep Work Helps You Quickly Learn Hard Things**
- Let your mind become a lens, thanks to the converging rays of attention; let your soul be all intent on whatever it is that is established in your mind as a dominant, wholly absorbing idea
- What deliberate practice actually requires. Its core components are usually identified as follows: 
	1. Your attention is focused tightly on a specific skill you are trying to improve or an idea you are trying to master;
	2. You receive feedback so you can correct your approach to keep your attention exactly where it is most productive. 

- Deliberate practice cannot exist alongside distraction, and that it instead requires uninterrupted concentration. 
- "Diffused attention is almost antithetical to the focused attention required by deliberate practice"


[[Books/Self-Development/Deep Work/05|05]]