- This new science of performance argues that you get better at a skill as you develop more myelin around the relevant neurons, allowing the corresponding circuit to fire more effortlessly and effectively. To be great at something is to be well myelinated.
- This understanding is important because it provides a neurological foundation for why deliberate practice works.
- By focusing intensely on a specific skill, you are forcing the specific relevant circuit to fire, again and again, in isolation. This repetitive use of a specific circuit triggers cells called oligodendrocytes to begin wrapping layers of myelin around the neurons in the circuits -- effectively cementing the skill.
- The reason, therefore, why it is important to focus intensely on the task at hand while avoiding distraction is because this is the only way to isolate the relevant neural circuit enough to trigger useful myelination.
- By contrast, if you are trying to learn a complex new skill (say, SQL, database management) in a state of low concentration (perhaps you also have your Facebook feed open), you are firing too many circuits simultaneously and haphazardly to isolate the group of neurons you actually want to strengthen.
- To learn hard things quickly, you must focus intensely without distraction.
- If you are comfortable going deep, you will be comfortable mastering the increasingly complex system and skill need to thrive in our economy. If you instead remain one of many for whom depth is uncomfortable and distraction ubiquitous, you shouldn't expect these systems and skills to come easily to you.


[[Books/Self-Development/Deep Work/06|06]]