- Deep work helps you produce at an elite level
- **High-Quality Work Produced = (Time Spent) x (Intensity of Focus)**
- When you switch from some task A to another Task B, your attention doesn't immediately follow -- a residue of your attention remains stuck thinking about the original task. This residue gets especially thick if your work on Task A was unbounded and of low intensity before you switched, but even if you finish Task A before moving on, your attention remains divided for a while.
- "People experiencing attention residue after switching tasks are likely to demonstrate poor performance on that next task, and the more intense the residue, the worse the performance".
- By working on a single hard task for a long time without switching, Grant minimizes the negative impact of attention residue from this other obligations, allowing him to maximize performance on this on task.
- The attention residue concept is still telling because it implies that the common habit of working in a state of semi-distraction is potentially devastating to your performance. It might seem harmless to take a quick glance at your inbox every ten minutes or so.
- By seeing messages that you cannot deal with at the moment (which is almost always the case), you will be forces to turn back to the primary task with a secondary task left unfinished.
- The attention residue left by such unresolved switches dampens your performance.
- To produce at your peak level you need to work for extended periods with full concentration on a single task free from distraction Put another way, **the type of work that optimizes your performance is deep work.**
- If you are not comfortable going deep for extended periods of time, it will be difficult to get your performance to the peak levels of quality and quantity increasingly necessary to thrive professionally. Unless your talent and skills absolutely dwarf those of our competition, the deep workers among them will outproduce you.