 - Open offices, for example, might create more opportunities for collaboration,* but they do so at the cost of "massive distraction".
 - In a well-cited study, Mark and her co-authors observed knowledge workers in real offices and found that an interruption, even if short, delays the tital time required to complete a task by a significant fraction.
 - Big trends in business today actively decrease people's ability to perform deep work, even though the benefits promised by these trends (eg, increased serendipity, faster responses to requests, and more exposure ) are arguably dwarfed by the benifits that flow from a commitment to deep work ( eg, the ability to learn hard things fast and produce at an elite level ).
 - The principle of least resistance : In a business setting, without clear feedback on the impact of various behaviours to the bottom line, we will tend toward behaviours that are easiest in the moment.
 - Why cultures of connectivity persist, the answer, according to our principle, is because it's easier. The first concern is responsiveness to your needs. If you work in an environment where yiu can get an answer to a question or a specific piese of information immediately when the need arises, this make your life easier -- atleast, in the moment. If you couldn't count on this quick response time you'd instead have to do more advance planning for your work, be more organized, and be prepared to put things aside for a while and turn your attention elsewhere while waiting for what you requested. All of this would make the day to day of your working life harder ( even if it produced more satisfaction and a better outcome in the long-term )
 - One of many examples of business behaviours that are antithetical to depth, and likely reducing the bottom-line value produced by the company, that nonetheless thrive because, in the absence of metrics, most people fall back on what's easiest.
 - Clarity about what matters provides clarity about what does not.
 - Busyness as proxy for productivity: In the absence of clear indicators of what it means to be productive and valuable in their job, many knowledge workers turn back toward an industrial indicator of productivity: doing lots of stuff in a visible manner.

[[08]]