- The best moments usually occur when a person's body or mind is stretched to its limits in a voluntary effort to accomplish something difficult and worthwhile.
- Jobs are actually easier to enjoy than free time, because like flow activities they have built in goals, feedback rules, and challenges, all of which encourage one to become involved in one's work, to concentrate and lose oneself in it. Free time on the other hand, is unstructured, and requires much greater effort to be shaped into something that can be enjoyed.
- If we give rapt attention to important things, we will experience our working life as more important and positive.
- To build your working life around the experience of flow produced by deep work is a proven path to deep satisfaction.
- Unfortunately, when it comes to replacing distraction with focus, matters are not so simple. To understand why this is true let's take a closer look at one of the main obstacles to going deep: the urge to turn your attention toward something more superficial. Most people recognize that this urge can complicate efforts to concentrate on hard things, but most underestimate its regularity and strength.
- bimodal philosophy of deep work: This philosophy asks that you divide your time, dedicating some clearly defined stretches to deep pursuits and leaving the rest open to everything else. During the deep time, the bimodal worker will act monastically --seeking intense and uninterrupted concentration. During the shallow time, such focus is not prioritized.
- The ability to rapidly switch your mind from shallow to deep mode doesn't come naturally. Without practice, such switches can seriously deplete your finite willpower reserves. This habit also requires a sense of confidence in your abilities -- a conviction that what you are doing is important and will succeed.
- Those who use their minds to create valuable things is that they are rarely haphazard in their work habits.
- Great creative minds think like artists but work like accountants.


[[10]]