- To maximize your success, you need to support your efforts to go deep. At the same time, this support needs to be systematized so that you don't waste mental energy figuring out what you need in the moment.
- It is not just the change of environment or seeking of quiet that enables more depth. The dominant force is the psychology of committing so seriously to the task at hand.
- The relationship between deep work and collaboration is tricky. It's worth taking the time to untangle, however, because properly leveraging collaboration can increase the quality of deep work in your professional life.
- For some type of problems, working with someone else at the proverbial shared whiteboard can push you deeper than if you were working alone.
- When pursuing innovation -- collaborative deep work can yield better results. This strategy, therefore, asks that you consider this option in contemplating how best to integrate depth into your professional life.
- When it comes to deep work, in other words, consider the use of collaboration when appropriate, as it can push your results to a new level.
- Idleness is not just a vacation, an indulgence or a vice; it is as indispensable to the brain as vitamin D is to the body, and deprived of it we suffer a mental affliction as disfiguring as rickets. It is paradoxically, necessary to getting any work done.
- Providing your conscious brain time to rest enables your unconscious mind to take a shift sorting through your unconscious mind to take a shift sorting through your most complex professional challenges. A shutdown habit, therefore, is not necessarily reducing the amount of time you are engaged in productive work, but is instead diversifying the type of work you deploy.
- Spending time in nature can improve your ability to concentrate.


[[11]]