- Efforts to deepen your focus will struggle if you don't simultaneously wean your mind from a dependence on distraction. Much in the same way that athletes must take care of their bodies outside of their training sessions.
- You will struggle to achieve the deepest levels of concentration if you spend the rest of your time fleeing the slightest hint of boredom.
- If every moment of potential boredom in your life -- say, having to wait 5 minutes in line or sit alone in a restaurant until a friend arrives -- is relieved with a quick glance at your smartphone, then your brain has likely been rewired to a point where, like the "mental wrecks".
- If you have scheduled your next Internet block 30 minutes from the current moment, and you are beginning to feel bored and crave distraction, the next 30 minutes of resistance become a session of concentration calisthenics.
- To succeed with deep work you must rewire your brain to be comfortable resisting distracting stimuli. This doesn't mean that you have to eliminate distracting behaviors; it is sufficient that you instead eliminate the ability of such behaviours to hijack your attention.
- Differences between memory athletes and the rest of us is in a cognitive ability that is not a direct measure of memory at all but of ATTENTION.
- Professional memory athletes never attempt rote memorization, that is, where you simply look at information again and again, repeating it in your head. This approach to retention, though popular among burned-out students, misunderstands how our brains work. We are not wired to quickly internalize abstract information. We are, however, really good at remembering scenes.


[[12]]