- The use of network can be harmful. If you don't attempt to weigh pros against cons, but instead use any glimpse of some potential benefit as justification for unrestrained use of a tool, then you are unwittingly crippling your ability to succeed in the world of knowledge work.
- Identify the core factors that determine success and happiness in your professional and personal life. Adopt a tool only if its positive impacts on these factors substantially outweigh its negative impacts.
- Identifying what matters most in your life, and then attempting to assess the impacts of various tools on these factors, doesn't reduce to a simple formula--this task requires practice and experimentation.
- Ban yourself from using social medias for 30 days. After 30 days of this self-imposed network isolation, ask yourself the following 2 questions about each of the services you temporarily quit:
	- 1, Would the last 30 days have been notably better if I had been able to use this service?
	- 2, Did people care that I wasn't using this service?
- If your answer is "no" to both questions, quit the service permanently. 
- If your answer was a clear "yes", then return to using the service.
- This strategy picks specifically on social media because among the different network tools that can claim your time and attention, these services, if used without limit, can be particularly devastating to your quest to work deeper.
- Don't use the Internet to entertain yourself.
- Entertainment-focused websites designed to capture and hold your attention for as long as possible.
- Figure out in advance what you are going to do with your evenings and weekends before they begin. Structured hobbies provide good fodder for these hours, as they generate specific actions with specific goals to fill your time.
- If you give your mind something meaningful to do throughout all your waking hours, you will end the day more fulfilled, and begin the next one more relaxed, than if you instead allow your mind to bathe for hours in semiconscious and unstructured Web surfing.
- If you want to eliminate the addictive pull of entertainment sites on your time and attention, give your brain a quality alternative.
- Decide in advance what you are going to do with every minute of your day.
- Deep work is way more powerful than most people understand.
- The deep life, of course, is not for everybody. It requires hard work and drastic changes to your habits.